Create Project README (#5)
paypal/iOS-SDK: README.md

# PayPal iOS SDK

> Welcome to PayPal's iOS SDK. This library will help you accept card, PayPal, Venmo, and alternative payments in your iOS app.

Reviewer: nit: can we update "alternative payments" => "alternative payment methods"? That appears to be the language we currently use in PayPal and Braintree docs for this.

## Support

The PayPal iOS SDK supports a minimum deployment target of iOS 13+ and requires Xcode 13+. See our [Client Deprecation policy](https://developer.paypal.com/braintree/docs/guides/client-sdk/deprecation-policy/ios/v5) to plan for updates.

### Package Managers
This SDK supports:

* CocoaPods
* Swift Package Manager

### Languages

> This SDK supports Swift 5.1+. This SDK is written in Swift.

Reviewer 2: Should we also call out our minimum OS target here?

Author: That seems redundant to me since it's stated a few lines above - but can add it again if we think it's helpful.

Reviewer 2: Whoops, missed it above. No need!

## Support

The PayPal iOS SDK supports a minimum deployment target of iOS 13+ and requires Xcode 13+. See our [Client Deprecation policy](https://developer.paypal.com/braintree/docs/guides/client-sdk/deprecation-policy/ios/v5) to plan for updates.

### Package Managers
This SDK supports:

* CocoaPods
* Swift Package Manager

### Languages

This SDK supports Swift 5.1+. This SDK is written in Swift.

### UI Frameworks
This SDK supports:

* UIKit
* SwiftUI

## Modularity

The PayPal iOS SDK is comprised of various submodules.
* `Card`
* `PayPal`
* ...

To accept a certain payment method in your app, you only need to include that payment-specific submodule.

## Sample Code

```
// STEP 0: Fetch an ACCESS_TOKEN and ORDER_ID from your server.

// STEP 1: Create a PaymentConfiguration object
paymentConfig = PaymentConfig(token: ACCESS_TOKEN)

// STEP 2: Create payment method client objects
cardClient = CardClient(config: paymentConfig)

// STEP 3: Collect relevant payment method details
card = Card(number: 4111111111111111, cvv: 123, ...)

// STEP 4: Call checkout method

> cardClient?.checkoutWithCard(orderID: ORDER_ID, card: card) { (result, error) in
>     if (error != nil) {
>         // handle checkout error
>         return
>     }
>     
>     guard let orderID = result?.orderID else { return }
>     // Send orderID to your server to process the payment
> }

Reviewer 2: This snippet could be simplified if we use the `Result` type (even though this is just an example, i think this is clearer): 

```suggestion
cardClient?.checkoutWithCard(orderID: ORDER_ID, card: card) { result in
    switch result {
    case .success(let orderId):
      // Send orderID to your server to process the payment
    case .error(let error):
      // handle checkout error
    }
}
```

Reviewer 3: Good call! Let's definitely use the Swift `Result` type where we can.

// STEP 5: Send orderID to your server to capture/authorize

```

## Testing

This project uses the `XCTest` framework provided by Xcode. Every code path should be unit tested. Unit tests should make up most of the test coverage, with integration, and then UI tests following.

### CI

GitHub Actions CI will run all tests and build commands per package manager on each PR.

### Local Testing

TBD until development progresses. We will use Rake, Fastlane, or some other tool for easy command-line build tasks.

## Release Process

This SDK follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/). The release process will be automated via GitHub Actions.

## Analytics

> Client analytics will be collected via Lighthouse/FPTI.

Reviewer 2: Is this important to highlight? If the target audience for this readme is end merchants, do they need to know about it?

Author: This document is currently more of a mix of internal agreed upon tools, process, etc and the start of external facing documentation. I agree this info isn't needed for merchants, so if we don't think it's helpful internally either we can remove it.

Reviewer 2: That works! I'm fine leaving it as is if this is for our team as well
